Rocket League tips for beginners:
Rocket League has been a sensation since its launch. The game went free to play a while back, which easily makes it essential to have in everyone’s library. It’s easy to play with friends locally or online, and should therefore be a go-to for multiplayer sessions with friends close by and far away. 

If you haven’t gotten started with Rocket League then you’re one of a dwindling few. Most people have had the chance to play the soccer-with-rocket-powered-cars game extensively already, so if you’re a newbie you will need some essential tips in order to keep up with the competition. In this guide we’ll be breaking down the important things you have to practice and keep in mind in order to overcome experienced enemies – or you can just take down your inexperienced friends. 



Positioning is everything:
Where are you, in relation to the ball? When you first start playing you might feel like you always need to be up close to the ball and attempting to get a hit in, but much like in real soccer, this isn’t the best strategy. 

When the ball gets hit, it will go flying. You should focus on being the player in the best position to rebound that ball straight into the goal. Sometimes you will need to be an attacker, get upfront and push that ball forward, but it shouldn’t be your sole focus.


Spend and save boost:
Your boost is incredibly important. Yes, it helps you go fast, that’s useful, but it can save entire games in the right situation. Whether that’s boosting towards your goal to make a last-minute save, or scoring a goal of your own, having the extra speed at the perfect moment can save your skin. But that’s not the only use your boost has…

Float and flight:
Your cars in Rocket League can jump, rotate in the air and can even boost while in the air. Aim your car’s boosters towards the ground, and you can actually push yourself into the air like a rocket ship. Yes, that’s right – Rocket League has aerial gameplay. 

Mastering flight in Rocket League is a matter of practice – just keep playing games and keep attempting to fly. Eventually, you’ll feel comfortable with it. One good way to practice is floating in front of your goal, tapping the boost button in a set rhythm, ready to save.

Ball cam:
Tapping just one button in Rocket League can center your camera on the ball, allowing you to accurately follow it at all times. If you’re just starting out, using the ball cam is the best way to play, easily, as you can stay aware of what is happening at all times. 

Staying on the ball isn’t so easy without the ball cam, in which case a small white arrow simply points towards the ball. As you get used to the game you may wish to swap between the two during play depending on what you want to do, but as a new player, stick with the ball cam for a while.

Flip for speed:
When rocketing across the pitch, you can reach top speed much faster – and without using your boost – by performing a tactical flip. Power straight ahead, hold forward, and then jump, and perform a double jump. With the right timing, you’ll flip forward into the air, propelling your speed even higher and then land with your wheels on the ground, still shooting along at the same high speed.

Powerslide turns:
The powerslide is very useful for quick, tactical turns. You can fake out enemy drivers, or reposition for a quick pass very easily. It’s tempting to just slam the ball against the wall, or shoot straight for the goal, speeding around the pitch in circles – but the fact is, tight movement will win most games. This is the kind of subtle control tweak that will make you a better player quickly.

Get a team:
Playing 1v1 ranked game mode, or with random teams online is definitely one way to improve, but if you want to feel good about racking up wins, you’ll be in a better position if you have a team before you go online. Rocket League is free to play and crossplay, meaning you can pressure your friends to play with you regardless of what platform they’re playing on. Train them up with these tips and you’ll soon be winning matches against others online.

Wall crawling:
You can just drive straight onto the walls in Rocket League, which you will learn very quickly – but using them properly is another thing entirely. Driving up the wall in an attempt to poke at the ball is one method, sure, but you can be far more intentional. You can even drive on the ceiling for a short period of time, allowing you to dive-bomb onto the pitch – and hopefully, slam the ball into the goal.



While the socCar action in the Battle Arena might look simple enough on the surface, it's actually quite challenging to get better at Rocket League. Unlike other games like League of Legends, it's way easier to get into because it's not bogged down by hundreds of champions or tons of different mechanics.

How to Get Better at Rocket League: Tips, Tricks, & Guides
To get better at Rocket League, you should follow a few tips and tricks, check out guides online, and make sure that you have learned everything that you can learn. From particular moves and tactics, to settings and teamwork, there are many ways that you can improve yourself at Rocket League.

How to Get Better at Rocket League: Tips, Tricks, & Guides
To get better at Rocket League, you should follow a few tips and tricks, check out guides online, and make sure that you have learned everything that you can learn. From particular moves and tactics, to settings and teamwork, there are many ways that you can improve yourself at Rocket League.

Here is an optimal camera setting:
Field of View (FOV):110
Distance: 270
Height: 120
Angle: -5.0
Stiffness: 0.50
Swivelspeed: 2.50
Transition speed: 1.00

Master Your Car & Learn the Mechanics:
Utilize practice mode, and make sure that you master all the relevant mechanics listed below.
Find other players and friends to help you learn and practice against.
Use a 1-Hour training schedule. In other words, practice the same thing repeatedly for an hour at a time.
Use RLCS replays, online tutorials like the ones below and YouTube, to get more used to the mechanics and find out when and where they can be useful.
Play multiple game modes to get better used to your vehicle and the best tactics to utilize in different situations.
Make sure to turn off unlimited boost in Free Play, so that practice is more realistic.
Try out different vehicles and different hitboxes to truly discover which hitbox works the best for your playstyle.

Before you can truly become competitive in Rocket League, you need to master those mechanics. From more difficult and intense moves like the Flip Reset, to more common mechanics like dribbling and the Wave Dash, you need to develop and learn a bunch of mechanics before you can truly get better at Rocket League.

Learn How To Wave Dash In Rocket League
Wave Dashing is an incredibly important mechanic to master in Rocket League, especially if you want to know how to get better at Rocket League. The Wave Dash is absolutely essential for those of you who want to be as fast and as efficient as you can be at all times.

Learn How To Fast Aerial In Rocket League
Fast Aerial's in Rocket League are an ideal way to rank up, and the perfect evolution of a standard Double Jump Aerial. If you want to reach the ball as quickly as possible, hit the ball and avoid a goal when playing defensive, or get the ball away from your opponent when playing more offensively. That's when you need to learn the Fast Aerial.

Learn How To Dribble In Rocket League
If you want to flex a bit, and also retain control of the ball, then you need to perfect the basic art of dribbling. The most important thing with dribbling, much like in real-life football, is practice.

However, there are also some tips and tricks that are essential for mastering the dribble, as well as tactics to use whilst dribbling to retain ball control, and give yourself an advantage over your opponents. I simply recommend watching clips of eSports players and getting a feel for how to act in each individual situation yourself.

Learn How To Half Flip In Rocket League
Recoveries are insanely influential in Rocket League, and to recover, there are few more important skills and mechanics than the Half Flip. There are so many mechanics to learn, but we can assure you that if you don't know the Half Flip, you're going to find yourself in quite a bit of trouble.

It's an insanely fast way to change directions, an insanely useful way to resolve mistakes you may have made, and an insanely useful way to re-enter the action as soon as humanly possible.

Improve Drop Kicks In Rocket League
The Drop Kick, also known as the Half Volley, is a very special technique to lob the ball back to yourself. You can use it vertically or horizontally (as an attack), but it is very useful for any player who wants to get moving, and wants to become a more offensive player.

Let's be real: there are tons of techniques in Rocket League, some more important than others. The Drop Kick is on this list for a reason. You should learn it.

Master Those Kickoff Strategies
The beginning of a Rocket League match is often one of the most critical moments of a Rocket league match, and thus, you need to master the kickoff. All the skills we have described above are useless if your Kickoff Strategies are not good.
You have to keep one thing in mind: you don't always have to go for the ball to win a Rocket League Kickoff.


These are the codes that are useful for warmup or helpful ones, enter them in your custom training code.

Training packs
Warm up FA24-B2B7-2E8E-193B

Other Helpful ones

CAFC-FB3E-3C0F-B8F1
2E23-ABD5-20C6-DBD4
79B1-C81A-521A-B98D



How to Flip Reset in Rocket League:
All the pros use the Flip Reset in Rocket League. It keeps you in the air for ages, keeps you moving fast, and it looks awesome. So how do they do it?
Well, we want to be that awesome, and we want you to be awesome too. That's why we're taking a look at how to do the Flip Reset in Rocket League! The thing is, though: we haven't looked at a new skill in quite a while, so it's certainly time to jump in. Now, we have produced a sweet-ass video or the Flip Reset, so you should also check that out. In fact, here it is, for those of you who despise reading:

What is a Flip Reset in Rocket League?
A Flip Reset is when you place all four of your wheels on a surface to re-gain a flip mid-flight. A car has two jumps, your standard jump, and the second is a flip. The thing is, you have to land before you can jump again after the flip... unless you know how to Flip Reset! It's one of the most difficult mechanics in the game, but once you can pull it off, the Flip Reset is absolute perfection.

You need to practice them, though, as Yukeo says:Free-play, Training Packs, and, of course, in real situations. First understand the mechanic, then practice it until you get somewhat consistent, and then try to use them in games.

How Do You Flip Reset in Rocket League?
Following is a quick-guide to completing the flip reset in Rocket League. Pay careful attention to each of these steps!

Run the ball up the wall
Make sure that you are moving you car onto the wall as well, so that both the ball and your vehicle is riding up the wall.

Hit the ball and immediately jump.
You now need to hit the ball off the wall into the air, with plenty of speed and height that you can then launch yourself off the wall as well.

Fly directly towards the ball
You will want to apply enough boost to get your speed up and reach the ball in the air.

Make sure you have enough momentum to receive the flip
This is especially important because players will need to keep flying in the air, as this is the entire point of performing a Flip Reset! So yes, keep your momentum up and get ready for the more difficult part of this trick.

Adjust the car so that all four wheels will hit the ball
You now need to twist the car so that it is flying towards the ball wheel-first. The key is that you need to hit the ball with all four wheels at the same time, so that it simulates you touching the ground.

Boost towards the ball
You need to make sure you reach the ball, so boost, but stop boosting just before you hit the ball. This way you can plant all four wheels on the ball.

Touch the ball with all four wheels
Once all four wheels have hit the ball, you have flip reset and can jump again. This is what you need to do.

Multiply these to hit the ball multiple times
If you want to become a true Rocket League God, you'll want to continue to flip reset repeatedly so that you can hit the ball, keep flying through the air, and land some truly impressive goals.

Control the ball
Keep controlling the ball, score some amazing goals, and become a Rocket League God.

Why and When Should I Flip Reset in Rocket League?
You should go for a Flip Reset whenever you get the chance, as it is an insanely powerful way to own your opponents in Rocket League. If you want to be awesome, if you want to win, then Flip Reset – but remember to coordinate with your team. It can be insanely confusing, and really throw off your team if not done clearly and on target.

Control the ball
Keep controlling the ball, score some amazing goals, and become a Rocket League God.

Why and When Should I Flip Reset in Rocket League?
You should go for a Flip Reset whenever you get the chance, as it is an insanely powerful way to own your opponents in Rocket League. If you want to be awesome, if you want to win, then Flip Reset – but remember to coordinate with your team. It can be insanely confusing, and really throw off your team if not done clearly and on target.

Make sure that you have enough space to do a Flip Reset, if you don't, then don't try to complete one, and instead pass the ball or use a different tactic. The benefits of a Flip Reset, though, are unbelievable. They are hard to read, they look flashy, and they are the perfect way to score yourself a pretty flashy goal. Have fun!




